---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "onelogin_brands_instance Data Source - terraform-provider-onelogin"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# onelogin_brands_instance (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `background` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--background))
- `custom_accent_color` (String) Secondary brand color
- `custom_color` (String) Primary brand color
- `custom_label_text_for_login_screen` (String) Custom label for the Username/Email field on the login screen. See example here.
- `custom_masking_color` (String) Color for the masking layer above the background image of the branded login screen.
- `custom_masking_opacity` (Number) Opacity for the custom_masking_color.
- `custom_support_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if the custom support is enabled. If enabled, the login page includes the ability to submit a support request.
- `enable_custom_label_for_login_screen` (Boolean) Indicates if the custom Username/Email field label is enabled or not
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if the brand is enabled or not
- `hide_onelogin_footer` (Boolean) Indicates if the OneLogin footer will appear at the bottom of the login page.
- `login_instruction` (String) Text for the login instruction screen, styled in Markdown.
- `login_instruction_title` (String) Link text to show login instruction screen.
- `logo` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--logo))
- `mfa_enrollment_message` (String) Text that replaces the default text displayed on the initial screen of the MFA Registration.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--background"></a>
### Nested Schema for `background`

Optional:

- `content_type` (String)
- `file_size` (Number)
- `updated_at` (String)
- `urls` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--background--urls))

<a id="nestedblock--background--urls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `background.urls`

Optional:

- `branding` (String)
- `login` (String)
- `original` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--logo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logo`

Optional:

- `content_type` (String)
- `file_size` (Number)
- `updated_at` (String)
- `urls` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--logo--urls))

<a id="nestedblock--logo--urls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logo.urls`

Optional:

- `login` (String)
- `navigation` (String)
- `original` (String)


