---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "onelogin_users Data Source - terraform-provider-onelogin"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# onelogin_users (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `activated_at` (String)
- `comment` (String) Free text related to the user.
- `company` (String) The user's company.
- `created_at` (String)
- `department` (String) The user's department.
- `directory_id` (Number) The ID of the OneLogin Directory of the user.
- `distinguished_name` (String) The distinguished name of the user.
- `email` (String) A valid email for the user.
- `external_id` (String) The ID of the user in an external directory.
- `filter` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))
- `firstname` (String) The user's first name.
- `group_id` (Number) The ID of the Group in OneLogin that the user is assigned to.
- `invalid_login_attempts` (Number)
- `invitation_sent_at` (String)
- `last_login` (String)
- `lastname` (String) The user's last name.
- `locked_until` (String)
- `manager_ad_id` (String) The ID of the user's manager in Active Directory.
- `manager_user_id` (String) The OneLogin User ID for the user's manager.
- `member_of` (String) The user's directory membership.
- `password` (String) The password to set for a user.
- `password_algorithm` (String) Use this when importing a password that's already hashed. Prepend the salt value to the cleartext password value before SHA-256-encoding it
- `password_changed_at` (String)
- `password_confirmation` (String) Required if the password is being set.
- `phone` (String) The E.164 format phone number for a user.
- `preferred_locale_code` (String)
- `role_ids` (List of Number) A list of OneLogin Role IDs of the user
- `salt` (String) The salt value used with the password_algorithm.
- `samaccount_name` (String) The user's Active Directory username.
- `state` (Number)
- `status` (Number)
- `title` (String) The user's job title.
- `trusted_idp_id` (Number) The ID of the OneLogin Trusted IDP of the user.
- `updated_at` (String)
- `username` (String) A username for the user.
- `userprincipalname` (String) The principle name of the user.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `values` (List of String)


