README.md, before:

# Onelogin Terraform Provider
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/onelogin/terraform-provider-onelogin)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/onelogin/terraform-provider-onelogin)
<a href='https://github.com/dcaponi/gopherbadger' target='_blank'>![gopherbadger-tag-do-not-edit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go%20Coverage-100%25-brightgreen.svg?longCache=true&style=flat)</a>

## Prerequisites
1. Install Go 1.18 or later
2. Install Terraform v0.13.x or later
3. Install gosec (for security scanning):
   ```bash
   curl -sfL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/securego/gosec/master/install.sh | sh -s -- -b $(go env GOPATH)/bin v2.18.2
   ```

## Development Setup

1. Clone this repository
2. Set up your OneLogin API credentials:
   ```bash
   export ONELOGIN_CLIENT_ID=<your client id>
   export ONELOGIN_CLIENT_SECRET=<your client secret>
   export ONELOGIN_API_URL=<your OneLogin API URL, e.g., https://company.onelogin.com>
   ```
3. Build and install the provider locally:
   ```bash
   make sideload
   ```

### Example Provider Configuration
```hcl
terraform {
  required_providers {
    onelogin = {
      source  = "onelogin/onelogin"
      version = "0.11.0"
    }
  }
}

provider "onelogin" {
  # Configuration options
}
```

## Development Workflow

### Adding a New Resource
1. Add the service to the [OneLogin SDK](https://github.com/onelogin/onelogin-go-sdk) (see `AppsService` for example)
2. Define the resource in `onelogin/provider.go`
3. Create resource files:
   - `onelogin/resource_onelogin_<resource>.go`
   - `onelogin/resource_onelogin<resource>_test.go`
4. Add schema definitions in `ol_schemas/<resource>/<sub-resource>`
5. Add examples in `examples/`
6. Add documentation in `docs/resources/`

### Testing
- Run unit tests: `make test`
- Run security checks: `make secure`
- Run acceptance tests: `make testacc` (requires API credentials)
- Debug with: `export TF_LOG=trace`

### Helpful Commands
```bash
# Build and install locally
make sideload

# Clean terraform state
make clean-terraform

# Run tests (skips acceptance tests)
make test

# Run security checks
make secure
```

## Release Process
1. **Run the Version Bump GitHub Action:**
   - Go to the [Actions tab](../../actions) in GitHub
   - Select "Version Bump" workflow
   - Click "Run workflow"
   - Choose the bump type (major, minor, or patch)
   - The action will automatically:
     - Update `VERSION` in `GNUmakefile`
     - Update version in the example provider configuration in `README.md`
     - Create a PR with the version changes

2. **After the version bump PR is merged, create a GitHub Release:**
   - Go to the [Releases page](../../releases) in GitHub
   - Click "Draft a new release"
   - Click "Choose a tag" and create a new tag (e.g., `v0.5.2`)
   - Set the release title and description
   - Click "Publish release"
   - The Release workflow will automatically trigger and:
     - Build the provider
     - Attach binaries to the GitHub release
     - Publish to the Terraform Registry

Note: Tags should follow semantic versioning (e.g., v0.5.2)

## Terraform Overview
Terraform enables declarative infrastructure management using HashiCorp Configuration Language (HCL). It tracks the desired state in `.tf` files and the current state in `.tfstate` files.

Basic commands:
```bash
# Initialize working directory
terraform init

# Preview changes
terraform plan

# Apply changes
terraform apply
```

# Dependency Management
We use go mod for dependency management.

To add a package:

```
go get -u "package-name"
```

To re-install dependencies for this project:
```
rm go.sum
go mod download
```

To update dependencies for this project:
```
go mod -u ./...
```

# Helpful Makefile Commands

**testacc** runs acceptance tests (actually creates resources in OL then cleans them up)
```
make testacc
```

**sideload** builds and sideloads the provider for local dev/testing
```
make sideload
```

**clean-terraform** reset terraform state in the local folder
```
make clean-terraform
```

**test** runs unit tests (non-acceptance and no real requests made) and applies coverage badge
```
make test
```

**secure** runs gosec code analysis to warn about possible exploits specific to go
```
make secure
```

Commit message:

chore: simplify release process to single-step automation
- Update release.yml to trigger on GitHub Release publication
- Automatically extract version from tag and update files
- Remove manual version-bump workflow and Python script
- Update README with simplified release instructions

The release process is now a single action: create a GitHub Release
and everything else happens automatically (version bump, build, publish).

README.md, after:

# Onelogin Terraform Provider
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/onelogin/terraform-provider-onelogin)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/onelogin/terraform-provider-onelogin)
<a href='https://github.com/dcaponi/gopherbadger' target='_blank'>![gopherbadger-tag-do-not-edit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go%20Coverage-100%25-brightgreen.svg?longCache=true&style=flat)</a>

## Prerequisites
1. Install Go 1.18 or later
2. Install Terraform v0.13.x or later
3. Install gosec (for security scanning):
   ```bash
   curl -sfL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/securego/gosec/master/install.sh | sh -s -- -b $(go env GOPATH)/bin v2.18.2
   ```

## Development Setup

1. Clone this repository
2. Set up your OneLogin API credentials:
   ```bash
   export ONELOGIN_CLIENT_ID=<your client id>
   export ONELOGIN_CLIENT_SECRET=<your client secret>
   export ONELOGIN_API_URL=<your OneLogin API URL, e.g., https://company.onelogin.com>
   ```
3. Build and install the provider locally:
   ```bash
   make sideload
   ```

### Example Provider Configuration
```hcl
terraform {
  required_providers {
    onelogin = {
      source  = "onelogin/onelogin"
      version = "0.11.0"
    }
  }
}

provider "onelogin" {
  # Configuration options
}
```

## Development Workflow

### Adding a New Resource
1. Add the service to the [OneLogin SDK](https://github.com/onelogin/onelogin-go-sdk) (see `AppsService` for example)
2. Define the resource in `onelogin/provider.go`
3. Create resource files:
   - `onelogin/resource_onelogin_<resource>.go`
   - `onelogin/resource_onelogin<resource>_test.go`
4. Add schema definitions in `ol_schemas/<resource>/<sub-resource>`
5. Add examples in `examples/`
6. Add documentation in `docs/resources/`

### Testing
- Run unit tests: `make test`
- Run security checks: `make secure`
- Run acceptance tests: `make testacc` (requires API credentials)
- Debug with: `export TF_LOG=trace`

### Helpful Commands
```bash
# Build and install locally
make sideload

# Clean terraform state
make clean-terraform

# Run tests (skips acceptance tests)
make test

# Run security checks
make secure
```

## Release Process

To create a new release, simply publish a GitHub Release:

1. Go to the [Releases page](../../releases) in GitHub
2. Click **"Draft a new release"**
3. Click **"Choose a tag"** and create a new tag following semantic versioning (e.g., `v0.11.1`)
4. Set the release title and description (you can use "Generate release notes" for automatic changelog)
5. Click **"Publish release"**

The Release workflow will automatically:
- Extract the version from the tag (e.g., `v0.11.1` → `0.11.1`)
- Update `VERSION` in `GNUmakefile` and the example provider configuration in `README.md`
- Commit the version changes back to the main branch
- Build the provider binaries with GoReleaser
- Attach signed binaries to the GitHub release
- Publish to the Terraform Registry

**That's it!** The entire release process is automated from a single GitHub Release creation.

## Terraform Overview
Terraform enables declarative infrastructure management using HashiCorp Configuration Language (HCL). It tracks the desired state in `.tf` files and the current state in `.tfstate` files.

Basic commands:
```bash
# Initialize working directory
terraform init

# Preview changes
terraform plan

# Apply changes
terraform apply
```

# Dependency Management
We use go mod for dependency management.

To add a package:

```
go get -u "package-name"
```

To re-install dependencies for this project:
```
rm go.sum
go mod download
```

To update dependencies for this project:
```
go mod -u ./...
```

# Helpful Makefile Commands

**testacc** runs acceptance tests (actually creates resources in OL then cleans them up)
```
make testacc
```

**sideload** builds and sideloads the provider for local dev/testing
```
make sideload
```

**clean-terraform** reset terraform state in the local folder
```
make clean-terraform
```

**test** runs unit tests (non-acceptance and no real requests made) and applies coverage badge
```
make test
```

**secure** runs gosec code analysis to warn about possible exploits specific to go
```
make secure
```
