docs/resources/apps.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "onelogin_apps Resource - terraform-provider-onelogin"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# onelogin_apps (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connector_id` (Number) ID of the connector to base the app from.
- `name` (String) The name of the app.

### Optional

- `allow_assumed_signin` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not administrators can access the app as a user that they have assumed control over.
- `auth_method` (Number) An ID indicating the type of app:
  - 0: Password
  - 1: OpenId
  - 2: SAML
  - 3: API
  - 4: Google
  - 6: Forms Based App
  - 7: WSFED
  - 8: OpenId Connect
- `configuration` (Block List, Max: 1) Onelogin currently only supports OIDC App configuration through Terraform Provider. Leave blank for SAML Apps (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--configuration))
- `created_at` (String) the date the app was created
- `description` (String) Freeform description of the app.
- `enforcement_point` (Block List, Max: 1) For apps that connect to a OneLogin Access Enforcement Point the following enforcement_point object will be included with the app payload. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--enforcement_point))
- `icon_url` (String) A link to the apps icon url
- `notes` (String) Freeform notes about the app.
- `policy_id` (Number) The security policy assigned to the app.
- `provisioning` (Block List, Max: 1) Indicates if provisioning is enabled for this app. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--provisioning))
- `role_ids` (List of Number) List of Role IDs that are assigned to the app. On App Create or Update the entire array is replaced with the values provided.
- `tab_id` (Number) ID of the OneLogin portal tab that the app is assigned to.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `updated_at` (String) the date the app was last updated
- `visible` (Boolean) Indicates if the app is visible in the OneLogin portal.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Optional:

- `access_token_expiration_minutes` (Number) Number of minutes the refresh token will be valid for.
- `login_url` (String) The OpenId Connect Client Id. Note that client_secret is only returned after Creating an App.
- `oidc_application_type` (Number) - 0- Web - 1- Native/Mobile
- `redirect_uri` (String) Comma or newline separated list of valid redirect uris for the OpenId Connect Authorization Code flow.
- `token_endpoint_auth_method` (Number) Number of minutes the refresh token will be valid for.


<a id="nestedblock--enforcement_point"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enforcement_point`

Optional:

- `case_sensitive` (Boolean) The URL path evaluation is case insensitive by default. Resources hosted on web servers such as Apache, NGINX and Java EE are case sensitive paths. Web servers such as Microsoft IIS are not case-sensitive.
- `conditions` (String) If access is conditional, the conditions that must evaluate to true to allow access to a resource. For example, to require the user must be authenticated and have either the role Admin or User
- `context_root` (String) The root path to the application, often the name of the application. Can be any name, path or just a slash (“/”). The context root uniquely identifies the application within the enforcement point.
- `landing_page` (String) The location within the context root to which the browser will be redirected for IdP-initiated single sign-on. For example, the landing page might be an index page in the context root such as index.html or default.aspx. The landing page cannot begin with a slash and must use valid URL characters.
- `permissions` (String) Specify to always `allow`, `deny` access to resources, of if access is `conditional`.
- `require_sitewide_authentication` (Boolean) Require user authentication to access any resource protected by this enforcement point.
- `resources` (Block List) Array of resource objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--enforcement_point--resources))
- `session_expiry_fixed` (Block List, Max: 1) unit: - 0 = Seconds - 1 = Minutes - 2 = Hours value: - When Unit = 0 or 1 value must be 0-60 - When Unit = 2 value must be 0-24 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--enforcement_point--session_expiry_fixed))
- `session_expiry_inactivity` (Block List, Max: 1) unit: - 0 = Seconds - 1 = Minutes - 2 = Hours value: - When Unit = 0 or 1 value must be 0-60 - When Unit = 2 value must be 0-24 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--enforcement_point--session_expiry_inactivity))
- `target` (String) A fully-qualified URL to the internal application including scheme, authority and path. The target host authority must be an IP address, not a hostname.
- `token` (String) Can only be set on create. Access Gateway Token.
- `use_target_host_header` (Boolean) Use the target host header as opposed to the original gateway or upstream host header.
- `vhost` (String) A comma-delimited list of one or more virtual hosts that map to applications assigned to the enforcement point. A VHOST may be a host name or an IP address. VHOST distinguish between applications that are at the same context root.

<a id="nestedblock--enforcement_point--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enforcement_point.resources`

Optional:

- `conditions` (String) required if permission == "conditions"
- `is_path_regex` (Boolean)
- `path` (String)
- `permission` (String)
- `require_auth` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedblock--enforcement_point--session_expiry_fixed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enforcement_point.session_expiry_fixed`

Optional:

- `unit` (Number)
- `value` (Number)


<a id="nestedblock--enforcement_point--session_expiry_inactivity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enforcement_point.session_expiry_inactivity`

Optional:

- `unit` (Number)
- `value` (Number)



<a id="nestedblock--provisioning"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provisioning`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `default` (String)

Commit message:

v0.4.0 Changes (#114)
* initial

* security schema edit

* apiKey security attempt

* Update README.md

* removed oauth, trying apikey

* swagger url

* Update onelogin_config.yml

* tooling extension use

* removed branding service

* removed brands

* brand document removal

* app inheritance changes

* app changes

* removed parameters from app

* required fields

* removed freeforms

* simplify

* updated apps

* app changes

* removed readonly sso

* removed sso examples

* app config changes

* Update README.md

* sso attempt

* SSO readonly added

docs/resources/apps.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "onelogin_apps Resource - terraform-provider-onelogin"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# onelogin_apps (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connector_id` (Number) ID of the connector to base the app from.
- `name` (String) The name of the app.

### Optional

- `allow_assumed_signin` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not administrators can access the app as a user that they have assumed control over.
- `auth_method` (Number) An ID indicating the type of app:
  - 0: Password
  - 1: OpenId
  - 2: SAML
  - 3: API
  - 4: Google
  - 6: Forms Based App
  - 7: WSFED
  - 8: OpenId Connect
- `configuration` (Block List, Max: 1) Onelogin currently only supports OIDC App configuration through Terraform Provider. Leave blank for SAML Apps (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--configuration))
- `created_at` (String) the date the app was created
- `description` (String) Freeform description of the app.
- `enforcement_point` (Block List, Max: 1) For apps that connect to a OneLogin Access Enforcement Point the following enforcement_point object will be included with the app payload. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--enforcement_point))
- `icon_url` (String) A link to the apps icon url
- `notes` (String) Freeform notes about the app.
- `policy_id` (Number) The security policy assigned to the app.
- `provisioning` (Block List, Max: 1) Indicates if provisioning is enabled for this app. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--provisioning))
- `role_ids` (List of Number) List of Role IDs that are assigned to the app. On App Create or Update the entire array is replaced with the values provided.
- `sso` (Block List, Max: 1) The attributes included in the sso section are determined by the type of app. All of the attributes of the `sso` object are read only. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sso))
- `tab_id` (Number) ID of the OneLogin portal tab that the app is assigned to.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `updated_at` (String) the date the app was last updated
- `visible` (Boolean) Indicates if the app is visible in the OneLogin portal.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Optional:

- `access_token_expiration_minutes` (Number) Number of minutes the refresh token will be valid for.
- `login_url` (String) The OpenId Connect Client Id. Note that client_secret is only returned after Creating an App.
- `oidc_application_type` (Number) - 0- Web - 1- Native/Mobile
- `redirect_uri` (String) Comma or newline separated list of valid redirect uris for the OpenId Connect Authorization Code flow.
- `token_endpoint_auth_method` (Number) Number of minutes the refresh token will be valid for.


<a id="nestedblock--enforcement_point"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enforcement_point`

Optional:

- `case_sensitive` (Boolean) The URL path evaluation is case insensitive by default. Resources hosted on web servers such as Apache, NGINX and Java EE are case sensitive paths. Web servers such as Microsoft IIS are not case-sensitive.
- `conditions` (String) If access is conditional, the conditions that must evaluate to true to allow access to a resource. For example, to require the user must be authenticated and have either the role Admin or User
- `context_root` (String) The root path to the application, often the name of the application. Can be any name, path or just a slash (“/”). The context root uniquely identifies the application within the enforcement point.
- `landing_page` (String) The location within the context root to which the browser will be redirected for IdP-initiated single sign-on. For example, the landing page might be an index page in the context root such as index.html or default.aspx. The landing page cannot begin with a slash and must use valid URL characters.
- `permissions` (String) Specify to always `allow`, `deny` access to resources, of if access is `conditional`.
- `require_sitewide_authentication` (Boolean) Require user authentication to access any resource protected by this enforcement point.
- `resources` (Block List) Array of resource objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--enforcement_point--resources))
- `session_expiry_fixed` (Block List, Max: 1) unit: - 0 = Seconds - 1 = Minutes - 2 = Hours value: - When Unit = 0 or 1 value must be 0-60 - When Unit = 2 value must be 0-24 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--enforcement_point--session_expiry_fixed))
- `session_expiry_inactivity` (Block List, Max: 1) unit: - 0 = Seconds - 1 = Minutes - 2 = Hours value: - When Unit = 0 or 1 value must be 0-60 - When Unit = 2 value must be 0-24 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--enforcement_point--session_expiry_inactivity))
- `target` (String) A fully-qualified URL to the internal application including scheme, authority and path. The target host authority must be an IP address, not a hostname.
- `token` (String) Can only be set on create. Access Gateway Token.
- `use_target_host_header` (Boolean) Use the target host header as opposed to the original gateway or upstream host header.
- `vhost` (String) A comma-delimited list of one or more virtual hosts that map to applications assigned to the enforcement point. A VHOST may be a host name or an IP address. VHOST distinguish between applications that are at the same context root.

<a id="nestedblock--enforcement_point--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enforcement_point.resources`

Optional:

- `conditions` (String) required if permission == "conditions"
- `is_path_regex` (Boolean)
- `path` (String)
- `permission` (String)
- `require_auth` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedblock--enforcement_point--session_expiry_fixed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enforcement_point.session_expiry_fixed`

Optional:

- `unit` (Number)
- `value` (Number)


<a id="nestedblock--enforcement_point--session_expiry_inactivity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enforcement_point.session_expiry_inactivity`

Optional:

- `unit` (Number)
- `value` (Number)



<a id="nestedblock--provisioning"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provisioning`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedblock--sso"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sso`

Optional:

- `acs_url` (String) App Name.	This is only returned after Creating a SAML App.
- `certificate` (Block List, Max: 1) The certificate used for signing.	This is only returned after Creating a SAML App. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sso--certificate))
- `client_id` (String) The OpenId Connect Client Id. Note that client_secret is only returned after Creating an OIDC App.
- `issuer` (String) Issuer of app.	This is only returned after Creating a SAML App.
- `metadata_url` (String) ID of the apps underlying connector.	This is only returned after Creating a SAML App.

<a id="nestedblock--sso--certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sso.certificate`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (String)

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `default` (String)
