---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "onelogin_apps Resource - terraform-provider-onelogin"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# onelogin_apps (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `allow_assumed_signin` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not administrators can access the app as a user that they have assumed control over.
- `auth_method` (Number) An ID indicating the type of app.
- `brand_id` (Number) The custom login page branding to use for this app. Applies to app initiated logins via OIDC or SAML.
- `connector_id` (Number) ID of the apps underlying connector.
- `created_at` (String) The date the app was created.
- `description` (String) Freeform description of the app.
- `icon_url` (String) A link to the apps icon url.
- `name` (String) App name.
- `notes` (String) Freeform notes about the app.
- `policy_id` (Number) The security policy assigned to the app.
- `provisioning` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--provisioning))
- `role_ids` (List of Number) A list of OneLogin Role IDs of the user
- `tab_id` (Number) ID of the OneLogin portal tab that the app is assigned to.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `updated_at` (String) The date the app was last updated.
- `visible` (Boolean) Indicates if the app is visible in the OneLogin portal.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--provisioning"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provisioning`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if provisioning is enabled for this app.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `default` (String)


