---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "onelogin_privileges Resource - terraform-provider-onelogin"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# onelogin_privileges (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String)
- `privilege` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--privilege))

### Optional

- `description` (String)
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--privilege"></a>
### Nested Schema for `privilege`

Optional:

- `statement` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--privilege--statement))
- `version` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--privilege--statement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `privilege.statement`

Required:

- `action` (List of String) An array of strings that represent actions within OneLogin. Actions are prefixed with the class of object they are related to and followed by a specific action for the given class.
e.g. users:List, where the class is users and the specific action is List. Don’t mix classes within an Action array. To create a privilege that includes multiple different classes, create multiple statements. A wildcard * that includes all actions is supported. Use wildcards to create a Super User privilege.
- `effect` (String) Set to “Allow.” By default, all actions are denied, this Statement allows the listed actions to be executed.
- `scope` (List of String) Target the privileged action against specific resources with the scope.
The scope pattern is the class of object used by the Action, followed by an ID that represents a resource in OneLogin.
e.g. apps/1234, where apps is the class and 1234 is the ID of an app.
The wildcard * is supported and indicates that all resources of the class type declared, in the Action, are in scope.
The Action and Scope classes must match. However, there is an exception, a scope of roles/{role_id} can be combined with Actions on the user or app class. The exception allows you to target groups of users or apps with specific actions.



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `default` (String)


